It's him, he's still the assistant of the big boss
Just got out of the car
I saw you.
I didn't expect the vice president to be around
Without a handsome assistant like you
You know boys like you
What is it called in our circle?
Male Daji
So you follow me
I'll give you a month 100,000
Bully me
How dare you tease my news husband?
How did it go?
200,000
I pay double
How about you think about it with me?
Shu Yan, what are you doing here?
You're just a little assistant earning 3,500 a month
200,000 you take it out?
It was intentional to make trouble.
Don't you forget.
I am the general manager of this company
It depends on whether he chooses you.
Still choose me
I choose
I choose him.